Review of Section 3 (#57)
boucadair/attachment-circuit-model: draft-boro-opsawg-teas-attachment-circuit.md

# Sample Uses of the Data Models

## ACs Terminated by One or Multiple Customer Terminating Points

{{uc}} depicts two target topology flavors that involve ACs. These topologies are characterized as follows:

* A Customer Terminating Point (CTP) may be a physical device, a software component, or an abstract virtual function supported within the provider's network. A CTP is seen by the network as a peer SAP.

* The same AC service request of CTPs may include one or multiple ACs. For the sake of simplifying the illustration, only the physical device example of these ACs is shown in {{uc}}.

* CTPs may be dedicated to one single connectivity service or host multiple connectivity services (e.g., CTPs as role of service functions {{?RFC7665}}).

> * A single AC (as seen by a network provider) may be bound to one or multiple peer SAPs (e.g., CTP#1 and CTP#4). For example, and as discussed in {{!RFC4364}}, multiple CTPs (CEs) can be attached to a PE over the same attachment circuit. This is typically implemented if the layer 2 infrastructure between the CTP and the network provides a multipoint service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A single AC (as seen by a network provider) may be bound to one or multiple peer SAPs (e.g., CTP#1 and CTP#2 are tagged as peer SAPs for the same AC). For example, and as discussed in {{!RFC4364}}, multiple CTPs (CEs) can be attached to a PE over the same attachment circuit. This is typically implemented if the layer 2 infrastructure between the CTP and the network provides a multipoint service.
```

* The same CTP may terminate multiple ACs. These ACs may be over the same or distinct bearers.

> * The customer may request protection schemes (e.g., VRRP) where the ACs bound to a customer endpoints are terminated by the same PE (e.g., CTP#3), distinct PEs (e.g., CTP#34), etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The customer may request protection schemes where the ACs bound to a customer endpoints are terminated by the same PE (e.g., CTP#3), distinct PEs (e.g., CTP#34), etc. The network provider uses this request to decide where to terminate the AC in the network provider network and also whether to enable specific capabilities (e.g., Virtual Router Redundancy Protocol (VRRP)).
```
